Update contributing.md (#8095)
magento/devdocs: src/contributor-guide/contributing.md

@magento give me {$version} instance
```

> Replace `{$version}` with the version tag or branch. The currently supported values are: the latest released version and the `2.4-develop` branch. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Replace `{$version}` with the version tag or branch. The currently supported values are, the latest released version and the `2.4-develop` branch. For example:
```

> Replace `{$version}` with the version tag or branch. The currently supported values are, the latest released version and the `2.4-develop` branch. For example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Replace `{$version}` with the version tag or branch. The following values are supported for `{$version}`: the version number for the latest release, and `2.4-develop` for the development branch.
```
